README.md, before:

[![An image of @komalsathvik's Holopin badges, which is a link to view their full Holopin profile](https://holopin.me/komalsathvik)](https://holopin.io/@komalsathvik)

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm M.Komal Sathvik</h1>

<h3 align="center">A passionate pre final-year CSE student at CVR COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING. Aspiring full-stack web developer and AI enthusiast.</h3>

## 🚀 About Me

- 🌱 Currently learning **MACHINE LEARNING AND ALGO** and **DSA IN JAVA** 
- 👨‍💻 Working on projects using **MERN Stack**, **Python, and exploring** **AI-based tech** 
- 💬 Ask me about **Web Development, Data Structures through java, Python, and Project Ideas**  
- 📫 Reach me at: **mksathvik03@gmail.com** 
- ⚡ Fun fact: I love developing things

---

## 📚 Education

- **B.Tech ,CSE**, **CVR COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING** (2023 - Present)  

---

## 💻 Tech Stack

![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-4EA94B?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-563D7C?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![EJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/EJS-8F4E1C?style=for-the-badge&logo=ejs&logoColor=white)
![CORS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CORS-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=cloudflare&logoColor=white)
![Netlify](https://img.shields.io/badge/netlify-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=netlify&logoColor=white)
![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/vercel-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white)
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazonaws&logoColor=white)
![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white)
![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white)
![Socket.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/Socket.io-010101?style=for-the-badge&logo=socket.io&logoColor=white)
![WebRTC](https://img.shields.io/badge/WebRTC-333333?style=for-the-badge&logo=webrtc&logoColor=white)
![API Authentication](https://img.shields.io/badge/API%20Auth-OAuth2%20%7C%20JWT-7B1FA2?style=for-the-badge&logo=auth0&logoColor=white)

---

## 🔭 Projects & Highlights
- 🎥 [ Clear Connect ](https://github.com/komalsathvik/Clear-Connect) — Full-stack web conferencing app powered by WebRTC & MERN with Google OAuth, JWT, real-time video/audio, chat, screen sharing, and dark/light theme support.
- 🛒 [ Intel Hackathon Project ](https://github.com/komalsathvik/Intel-Product-Access) — Direct Intel product access platform with AI-powered chatbot (Google AI Studio), MERN stack backend, and secure purchase system.
- 👨‍💻 [ StockNex ](https://github.com/komalsathvik/Stocknex) — MERN-based platform to track live stock trends with personalized dashboards and search functionality
- 💬 [ Chat Application](https://github.com/komalsathvik/Chat-Application) — Real-time messaging app built with MERN & Socket.IO featuring user rooms.  
- 🍔 [  FoodRestro ](https://github.com/komalsathvik/FoodRestro) — Online food application system using Node.js, MySQL, EJS, and Twilio for OTP-based login and order confirmations
---

## 📊 GitHub Stats

![GitHub Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats-ruby-tau.vercel.app?user=komalsathvik&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true)

![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats-two-wine-66.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=komalsathvik&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&layout=compact)

![GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats-two-wine-66.vercel.app/api?username=komalsathvik&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&show=prs_merged,prs_merged_percentage&hide_border=true)
---

## 📫 Connect with me


<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/m-komal-sathvik-a48a26303/?originalSubdomain=in" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/174/174857.png" alt="LinkedIn" width="30" height="30"/>
  </a> &nbsp;
  <a href="https://github.com/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/733/733553.png" alt="GitHub" width="30" height="30"/>
  </a> &nbsp;
  <a href="mailto:mksathvik03@gmail.com" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/281/281769.png" alt="Email" width="30" height="30"/>
  </a> &nbsp;
  <a href="https://www.codechef.com/users/komalsathvik" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://assets.codechef.com/sites/all/themes/abessive/logo.svg" alt="CodeChef" width="30" height="30"/>
  </a> &nbsp;
  <a href="https://leetcode.com/u/komalsathvik/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://leetcode.com/static/images/LeetCode_logo_rvs.png" alt="LeetCode" width="30" height="30"/>
  </a>
</p>

Commit message:

Add Data Structures & Algorithms section to README
Added a section for Data Structures & Algorithms with LeetCode and CodeChef references.

README.md, after:

[![An image of @komalsathvik's Holopin badges, which is a link to view their full Holopin profile](https://holopin.me/komalsathvik)](https://holopin.io/@komalsathvik)

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm M.Komal Sathvik</h1>

<h3 align="center">A passionate pre final-year CSE student at CVR COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING. Aspiring full-stack web developer and AI enthusiast.</h3>

## 🚀 About Me

- 🌱 Currently learning **MACHINE LEARNING AND ALGO** and **DSA IN JAVA** 
- 👨‍💻 Working on projects using **MERN Stack**, **Python, and exploring** **AI-based tech** 
- 💬 Ask me about **Web Development, Data Structures through java, Python, and Project Ideas**  
- 📫 Reach me at: **mksathvik03@gmail.com** 
- ⚡ Fun fact: I love developing things

---

## 📚 Education

- **B.Tech ,CSE**, **CVR COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING** (2023 - Present)  

---

## 💻 Tech Stack

![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-4EA94B?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-563D7C?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![EJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/EJS-8F4E1C?style=for-the-badge&logo=ejs&logoColor=white)
![CORS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CORS-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=cloudflare&logoColor=white)
![Netlify](https://img.shields.io/badge/netlify-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=netlify&logoColor=white)
![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/vercel-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white)
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazonaws&logoColor=white)
![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white)
![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white)
![Socket.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/Socket.io-010101?style=for-the-badge&logo=socket.io&logoColor=white)
![WebRTC](https://img.shields.io/badge/WebRTC-333333?style=for-the-badge&logo=webrtc&logoColor=white)
![API Authentication](https://img.shields.io/badge/API%20Auth-OAuth2%20%7C%20JWT-7B1FA2?style=for-the-badge&logo=auth0&logoColor=white)

---

## 🔭 Projects & Highlights
- 🎥 [ Clear Connect ](https://github.com/komalsathvik/Clear-Connect) — Full-stack web conferencing app powered by WebRTC & MERN with Google OAuth, JWT, real-time video/audio, chat, screen sharing, and dark/light theme support.
- 🛒 [ Intel Hackathon Project ](https://github.com/komalsathvik/Intel-Product-Access) — Direct Intel product access platform with AI-powered chatbot (Google AI Studio), MERN stack backend, and secure purchase system.
- 👨‍💻 [ StockNex ](https://github.com/komalsathvik/Stocknex) — MERN-based platform to track live stock trends with personalized dashboards and search functionality
- 💬 [ Chat Application](https://github.com/komalsathvik/Chat-Application) — Real-time messaging app built with MERN & Socket.IO featuring user rooms.  
- 🍔 [  FoodRestro ](https://github.com/komalsathvik/FoodRestro) — Online food application system using Node.js, MySQL, EJS, and Twilio for OTP-based login and order confirmations
---
---

## 🧠 Data Structures & Algorithms

I actively solve problems on **LeetCode** and **CodeChef** to sharpen my algorithmic skills.

![LeetCode Stats](https://leetcard.jacoblin.cool/komalsathvik?theme=tokyonight&font=baloo&ext=heatmap)

---
## 📊 GitHub Stats

![GitHub Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats-ruby-tau.vercel.app?user=komalsathvik&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true)

![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats-two-wine-66.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=komalsathvik&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&layout=compact)

![GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats-two-wine-66.vercel.app/api?username=komalsathvik&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&show=prs_merged,prs_merged_percentage&hide_border=true)
---

## 📫 Connect with me


<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/m-komal-sathvik-a48a26303/?originalSubdomain=in" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/174/174857.png" alt="LinkedIn" width="30" height="30"/>
  </a> &nbsp;
  <a href="https://github.com/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/733/733553.png" alt="GitHub" width="30" height="30"/>
  </a> &nbsp;
  <a href="mailto:mksathvik03@gmail.com" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/281/281769.png" alt="Email" width="30" height="30"/>
  </a> &nbsp;
  <a href="https://www.codechef.com/users/komalsathvik" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://assets.codechef.com/sites/all/themes/abessive/logo.svg" alt="CodeChef" width="30" height="30"/>
  </a> &nbsp;
  <a href="https://leetcode.com/u/komalsathvik/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://leetcode.com/static/images/LeetCode_logo_rvs.png" alt="LeetCode" width="30" height="30"/>
  </a>
</p>
